Create sprint-98-summary.md (#2982)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Sprint-Review/sprint-98-summary.md

# Sprint 98 Summary

4-24-2024 - 5-07-2024

## Sprint Goal
* Dev: *Support closing out (4) tickets in review & continue progress on Parity*
  * #2950 [Django A11Y] [Spike] Multiple filter option
  * #2509 Notification Submission Email
  * #2688 TANF Section 2 validation clean-up
  * #2795 [Spike] - As tech lead, I need TDP to detect duplicate records within a file and not store them in the db

* DevOps: *Successful deployments across environments and pipeline stability investments*
    * #2870 ES re-indexing automation

* Design: Close out all in-progress/in-review work and begin refinement to support upcoming sprints/roadmap items*
  * #2847 Knowledge Center Content
  * #2473 Email notification template supporting #2473 (due date reminders)
  * #2801 Friendly Name changes

>   * #2909 [Spike] research spike on-deck pending close-out of the above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * #2909 [Spike] Out of the box OFA Kibana Experience & DIGIT Data Access (pending close-out of the above)
```
